DG: remove need to open PR for small issues (#1422)
reposense/RepoSense: docs/dg/workflow.md

* As we squash the commits when merging a PR, there is ==no need to follow a strict commit organization or write elaborate commit messages for each commit==.<br>
  However, when pushing new commits to your PR branch, do clean up _new_ commits (i.e., commits not yet pushed) e.g., delete temporary print statements added for debugging purposes.
* In the PR description, please propose a commit message to be used when the PR is merged eventually. The commit message should follow the guidelines given [here](https://se-education.org/guides/guidelines/PRs.html). You may refer to [this PR](https://github.com/reposense/RepoSense/pull/1057) for an example.

> *  For simple documentation fixes or tasks with clear instructions, it is unnecessary to create an issue before creating a PR.

Reviewer: Weird extra space before the sentence.

Changed message:
```
The DG suggests that before making a PR, contributors should post an 
issue first and wait for it to be acknowledged.

This is deemed to be unnecessary for small changes, such as fixing 
grammatical errors in documentation or simple bug fixes.

Let's add a line in the DG that it is unnecessary to create an issue 
for simple documentation fixes or tasks with clear instructions.
```

Author: Done

> *  For simple documentation fixes or tasks with clear instructions, it is not necessary to create an issue before creating a PR.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
*  For simple documentation fixes or tasks with clear instructions, it is unnecessary to create an issue before creating a PR.
```
